CSAs join confirm and celebrate & we file all user stories after feature fest (#40570)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product-design/README.md

### Confirm and celebrate

> The Head of Product Design (HPD) Product Designers (PD), and the relevant Customer Solutions Architects (CSAs) review the checkboxes in user stories we shipped but haven't closed. Are they done? If not notify relevant contributor to help get them done. If they're done, PD closes the story and notifies the requester in the original request with context on whether they think the request is fulfilled or still has some work left (more user stories to be drafted and shipped). [Up the requester](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#communicate-feedback-on-prioritized-customer-requests) to close the original request and/or leave feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
The Head of Product Design (HPD), Product Designers (PD), and the relevant Customer Solutions Architects (CSAs) review the checkboxes in user stories we shipped but haven't closed. Are they done? If not notify relevant contributor to help get them done. If they're done, PD closes the story and notifies the requester in the original request with context on whether they think the request is fulfilled or still has some work left (more user stories to be drafted and shipped). [Up the requester](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#communicate-feedback-on-prioritized-customer-requests) to close the original request and/or leave feedback.
```

> The Head of Product Design (HPD) Product Designers (PD), and the Manager of Customer Support and Solutions Architecture review the checkboxes in user stories we shipped but haven't closed. Are they done? If not notify relevant contributor to help get them done. If they're done, PD closes the story and notifies the requester in the original request with context on whether they think the request is fulfilled or still has some work left (more user stories to be drafted and shipped). [Up the requester](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#communicate-feedback-on-prioritized-customer-requests) to close the original request and/or leave feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
The Head of Product Design (HPD) Product Designers (PD), and the relevant Customer Solutions Architects (CSAs) review the checkboxes in user stories we shipped but haven't closed. Are they done? If not notify relevant contributor to help get them done. If they're done, PD closes the story and notifies the requester in the original request with context on whether they think the request is fulfilled or still has some work left (more user stories to be drafted and shipped). [Up the requester](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#communicate-feedback-on-prioritized-customer-requests) to close the original request and/or leave feedback.
```
